{
    DEFAULT AIM MODE:
    "crosshair"
    Camera ray checks world/NPC/player geometry.
    The weapon aims toward the camera ray hit point.

    7 22 2026
    crosshair is sooooo satisfing
    but feels too like 
    simple?
    7 23 2026 it also isnt aligned with where ur actuallt shooting, it hits world geometry but thats stupid
    aiming at the ground on coolplace it hits like much before ur actually aiming 
    like aim at ground = hit like below ur crosshair thats bad 
    7 28 2026 camforward is more consistent of course but idk , i feel likeits betterto
    to just switch between the modes?
    or focus on making crosshair aim mode not suck becuse
    its super fun i think 
    i lowk havent tried it yet today i have just been doing camforward 

    ok i tried it 7 28 2026 1145 am i still
    idk if cam froward would fix thie sisue where i fele like i just suck it feels like aiming is so jittery and im sucking dick at it
    idk wht the dael is 
    im gonna try camforward
    it just idk it feels werid m aim too jittery too fast idk 

    no inconsistentices allowed at all
    7 22 2026
    need better feedback on kills
    camfrowrard feeels more grown up and mature
    esepecaillt with the coolwpnshotline
    butit just ughhhh
    no
    the crosshair mode is much mroe fun 
    idk im gona leave these editabel u can pick whtevr mode u want 

    OTHER AIM MODES:

    "world_hit"
    Weapon aims along the muzzle ray, hitscan style.
    The muzzle ray finds the first world hit point.
    The weapon fires at that point.

    "farpoint"
    Weapon muzzle aims toward a distant point along the camera forward line.
    Uses `farpoint_distance`.
    The muzzle ray converges slightly toward the camera center line.
    Ignores world geometry for aiming direction.
    Hitscan/projectile collision still works normally.
    Useful for: stable aiming, horizon aiming, avoiding weapon wobble on walls.

    farpoint_distance: 1000000.0 (configurable, hot-reloaded from gameplay.json)

    "camforward"
    Weapon attack begins at the weapon muzzle.
    Attack direction is exactly camera forward.
    The muzzle ray remains parallel to the camera ray.
    No world target point and no far point are used.
    Normal attack collision still works.
    Designed for physically aligning the weapon's visible firing line with a target.

    DASH MODES:
    "glide" = slide mode
    "tf2" = oldskool harder

    7 17 2026
}
